I'm Peppa Pig.
This is my little brother, George.
This is Mummy Pig.
And this is Daddy Pig.
Peppa Pig.
Mr. Potato's Christmas Show
It is Christmas time, and Peppa and her playgroup are going to the theatre to see Mr. Potato's Christmas Show.
We are here!
Look! It's the Christmas vegetable family, Mr. Potato!
Mrs. Carrot!
Sweat Cranberry and Little Sprout.
Here are your tickets.
Find the seat with your number on it.
Here's my seat. Number Five.
Six!
Seven!
Eight!
Nine!
Ten!
Quickly now, children! The show is about to begin.
Erm…Madame Gazelle, I need a toilet.
Oh, Pedro!
Sorry! Er…sorry! Thank you!
Quickly, Pedro!
I've never been to the theatre before.
It's exciting, isn't it?
Sorry! Er…thank you!
Shhhh…children, everyone quiet now.
What's that music?
The show is starting.
Oh, sorry everyone.
It is not the start of the show.
It is Madame Gazelle's phone ringing.
Wow! Whose phone is that?
That really is the show starting!
Welcome to the Mr. Potato's Christmas Show,
where the magic of vegetables never ends.
Woo!
Hello, children! I'm Mr. Potato.
This is Mrs. Carrot. Here is Sweat Cranberry.
And here is everyone's favourite
Christmas vegetable, Little Sprout.
He he he!
Ha ha ha!
Where is Little Sprout gone?
Er Little Sprout. Where are you?
He's lost!
Oh~~~~
Can you help us find him, boys and girls?
Yes! He he he!
If you see him, boys and girls,
shout out "There's Little Sprout".
There's Little Sprout!
That's it! When you see him, shout out that!
There he is! He is behind you!
Where?
There! Behind you!
I can't see him.
They are not very good at looking, are they?
Boo!
There you are! You cheeky little sprout!
I'm the magic Fairy Carrot.
Look, children. I can fly.
There's a string lifting her up.
I can grant you one wish.
What do you wish for?
I wish we had a Christmas tree!
Your wish is my command!
Woo!
Now, we can sing our Christmas song.
Would you like to hear it, boys and girls?
Yes!
Sweat little sprouts on the Christmas tree.
Potatoes, carrots and cranberry!
He's a very special Christmas good, all our friends,
where the magic of vegetables never ends.
That's the end. Goodbye children.
Happy Christmas!
Happy Christmas everybody!
That was a bit quick.
Wait, there's one more surprise.
A very important person has come to see you all.
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Can you guess who it is?
It's the Queen!
It's Father Christmas!
Hooray!
Hello, children! Have you been good?
Yes!
Have you been cleaning your teeth?
Have you kept your bedrooms tidy?
Oh~~~
Very good!
Ho! Ho! Ho!
Merry Christmas!
Now, let's all sing a Christmas song!
Yes!
Sweat little sprouts on the Christmas tree.
Potatoes, carrots and cranberry!
He's a very special Christmas good, all our friends,
where the magic of vegetables never ends.